1. What is Emmet?

It is a web-developers toolkit that work on HTML/CSS/any languages.

Emmet is extension to the idea of snippets.
It takes an abbrevation as input, dynamically parses it to produce the skeleton structure of elements.

2. Difference b/w Library and Framework?

The difference between a framework and library lies in a term called inversion of control.

When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application. 
You are choosing when and where to call the library. When you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. 
It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.
You can import a library and use it to implement a small feature in your application.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?

Stands for Content Delivery Network. It is a geographically distributed set of servers that cache content to the nearest end users.
It allows quick transfer of assests needed for loading content, including HTML pages, CSS, JS files, videos and images.

Advantages:
Improves website load times - Achieves by reducing bounce rates and increases the time people stay on the website.

Reducing Bandwidth Costs - Through caching and other optimizations, CDN's are able to reduce the amount of data and origin server must provide resulting in reduces costs.

Increasing content availability and redundancy - Handles hardware failure issues due to its distributed nature, it can handle more traffic.

Improving Website security - By providing DDoS mitigation, improvements to security certificates and other optimizations.

4. Why is React known as React?

Because of it helps developers to build fast and responsive responsive web apps. It is used to build reusable components that can be rendered on the frontend.

It achieves this quickness through the concept of virtual DOM, by rendering only the components that experienced change in data instead of rendering the whole page.

5. What is cross-origin in the script tag?

It is an attribute that sets the mode of request to the HTTP CORS Request.

CORS stands for cross-origin Request Sharing.

It is a mechanism that allows resources of a webpage to be requested from another domain, apart from its own domain.

CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

6. What is the difference between React and react DOM?

ReactDOM is a glue between React library and the DOM. Mainly used for mounting with ReactDOM.render().

React is used to define and create different elements, lifecycle hooks, etc. It is the crux/backbone of the React application.

They are split into different libraries due to the introduction to React Native. React can be used to build web and mobile apps, where as ReactDOM is only used for web apps.

7. What is the difference b/w react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

In development mode, we can enable and utilize React developer tools, devtools profiler, debugging environment attached with source code. We can utilize various functionalities such as Hot Module Replacement, diagnostics so that development environment will help to debug code.

In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to reduce size of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. Performance will be much faster in production mode when compared to development mode.
